dbot: I heard my name.
glozz: It's a twister! Follow the yellow brick road. Somewhere over the rainbow... the wonderful wizard of GLOZZ!
robert: BABA!
steve: Dr. Steeeeve!
general: *salute*
tour: Yeah tour!
werewolf: Werewolf?
505: 234 East Seneca street
gamma chi: GLEE CLUB!
alma mater: Through the rain and snow and hail.
evening song: When the sun fades far away... o'er the dreaming lake a dell... joy to all we love the best, love to thee our fair Cornell.
chariot: I'm gonna ride!
davy: Give my regards.
harvard: zarzard~
yale: Who owns gleeclub.com?
upenn: P.U!
sniped: GOTTEM

julia adolphe: All hail the Skylord!
augenblick: Zu der Zeit der letzten Posaune!
aber: Aber des Herrn Wort
ted hearne: I dunno dad.

hbd: Happy Birthday!
happy bday: Happy Birthday!
happy birthday: Happy Birthday!
cookie: C is for cookie, that's good enough for me.
platypus: A platypus?
perry: Curse you Perry the Platypus!
dave: Hey, I know Dave!

cum: ME! CUM! ON MY DAZZLED FACE!
sister: She put out, hummm
cotton eye joe: Where did you come from, where did you go?
whistle: Who the fuck is whistling, I'll kill them.
whistling: Who the fuck is whistling, I'll kill them.
masterbot: I know masterbot!
master bot: I know master bot!
mbot: I know mbot!
dthot: dthot is love, dthot is life
dclub: D Club <3
louies: Half Maven XXX
louie's: cajun fries
asshole: You're a horse's ass.
eat ass: With a fork and knife.

millionaire: Me no study me no care, me go marry a millionaire. If he die me no cry, me go marry another guy!
woosh: WOW kid you just got r/WOOOOOOSHED!!!! "Wooosh" means you didn't get the joke, as in the sound made when the joke "woooshes" over your head. I bet you're too stupid to get it, IDIOT!! My joke was so thoughtfully crafted and took me a total of 3 minutes, you SHOULD be laughing. What's that? My joke is bad? I think that's just because you failed. I outsmarted you, nitwit. In conclusion, I am posting this to the community known as "r/Wooooosh" to claim my internet points in your embarrassment. Imbecile. The Germans refer to this action as "Schadenfreude," which means "harm-joy". WOW! Another reference I had to explain to you. I am going to cease this conversation for I do not converse with simple minded persons.
endgame: **SPOILERS** At the end of Endgame, Thanos agrees to undo everything he's done if the Avengers can beat him in a penis measuring contest, but none of them come close. Even the Hulk is shorter than Thanos by a noticeable amount, and their girth isn't even comparable. That's when, at the last moment, Captain Marvel (who turns out to be Lucas Gray with 3% of Julia Adolphe's power) pulls down her pants and unleashes the phattest hawg the universe has ever seen. Shamed by her immense size, Thanos undoes all that he has done, and then tries to commit Japanese suicide. But then Iron Man with the reality stone goes like "No!" and turns his sword into bubbles. While the purple titan is distracted, Antman sneaks into his butthole and tries to expand to Giantman and Thanos's skin doesn't break but he cums with the force of a thousand suns. Here is where Stan Lee the Watcher says "okay Disney acquired Fox" and the X-Men come in through sling ring portals and the Dark Phoenix absorbs the thousand-sun cum and destroys the Earth. But the humans survive because Loki came from Valhalla and somehow got hold of the space stone and teleported everyone to the moon. In the post credits scene, we see Galactus sensing a power surge from Jean Grey and sending Deadpool to the Milky Way as his herald.
thanos: Ok, so hear me out. In the Phineas and Ferb movie they create a dimensional portal device that sets off the whole movie and they have also created some of the most powerful superweapons known to man. Phineas and Ferb would obviously be able to murder Thanos with absolute ease using the arsenal of deadly weapons that give them the power of every single Avenger combined, such as an off brand Ironman suit or a potion that is so potent it causes the entire universe to be enlarged. They have even made 2 fighting mechs out of a treehouse that are the size of a building. Thanks for coming to my Ted talk.
high iq: To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Rick and Morty. The humor is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics most of the jokes will go over a typical viewer's head. There's also Rick's nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation - his personal philosophy draws heavily from Narodnaya Volya literature, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these jokes, to realize that they're not just funny- they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Rick and Morty truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn't appreciate, for instance, the humour in Rick's existencial catchphrase "Wubba Lubba Dub Dub," which itself is a cryptic reference to Turgenev's Russian epic Fathers and Sons I'm smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Dan Harmon's genius unfolds itself on their television screens. What fools... how I pity them. And yes by the way, I DO have a Rick and Morty tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It's for the ladies' eyes only- And even they have to demonstrate that they're within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand.
airpod: i fucking hate airpods, its so fucking annoying how i cant even fucking pair them to my fucking laptop so i can relax and binge watch some fucking tv shows. after 18 hours of my finger getting sore of pressing that shitty button on the back of the case i finally pair them only to realize their fucking battery life is shorter than how long i fucking last while fucking. the next day im on the subway to manhattan and im just listening to fucking mac miller (rip) and i get up at my stop and leave the train and for no god fucking damn reason my right airpod falls out of my fucking ear and into the gap and gets fucking run over by the god damn train. literally none of these fucking problems wouldve happened if they just kept the fucking cord nobody was fucking complaining about the fucking cord you greedy fucking apple assholes. airpods are literally steve jobs raping us from the grave
shut up: Shut yo skin tone chicken bone google chrome no home flip phone disowned ice cream cone garden gnome extra chromosome metronome dimmadome genome full blown monochrome student loan indiana jones overgrown flintstone x and y hormone friend zoned sylvester stallone sierra leone autozone professionally seen silver patrone head ass tf up.
blowjob: A male whale and a female whale were swimming off the coast of Japan when they noticed a whaling ship. The male whale recognized it as the same ship that had harpooned his father many years earlier. He said to the female whale, "Lets both swim under the ship and blow out of our air holes at the same time and it should cause the ship to turn over and sink." They tried it and sure enough, the ship turned over and quickly sank. Soon however, the whales realized the sailors had jumped overboard and were swimming to the safety of shore. The male was enraged that they were going to get away and told the female, "Let's swim after them and gobble them up before they reach the shore." At this point, he realized the female was becoming reluctant to follow him. "Look," she said, "I went along with the blow job, but I absolutely refuse to swallow the seamen."
masturbate: You can masturbate but you can't give yourself a hug.
ejaculate: what is female ejaculate? is it girl cum? where does it come from? does it taste delicious? is it because of the stimulation of the vagina that lead to the production of the fluid? is it pee? can i drink it? and is gamer girl's pee nice?
bitch: What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I'm the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're fucking dead, kiddo.
penis: I'm too mature for penis jokes.
dick: I'm too mature for dick jokes.
smash: Wanna smash? Spend time together, Make memories, Anal, Smile, Hold hands

lucas g: I met Lucas at a tattoo parlor in 2014. He wanted to get a tattoo on his brain, but the artist said that it would kill him. Lucas said, "You don't know shit about art" and slapped him on the ass. The artist started crying. Lucas said, "Please stop, you're ugly when you cry."
ben s: I met Ben at a graveyard in 2015. He was covered in ass and told me he opened a portal to hell. He said he's livestreaming and asked if I would join. I said, "I don't know, it seems dangerous." He said, "If I'm being honest, I don't know what I got myself into and I'm scared."

rubato: https://pages.github.coecis.cornell.edu/glassboxgames/rubato-releases/
